#EXTM3U url-tvg="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AqFad2811/epg/main/indonesia.xml,https://raw.githubusercontent.com/thefirefox12537/streams/master/epg/local/guide.xml"  refresh="3600"
123

########################  live event  ############################
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/SNLXmJxz/b.png" group-title="Live Event", Live Event 1 
https://prod-ent-live-gm.jiocinema.com/bpk-tv/JV_SportsHD1_DIG_MOB/Fallback/index.m3u8 
##EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/SNLXmJxz/b.png" group-title="Live Event", Live Event 2 
https://prod-ent-live-gm.jiocinema.com/bpk-tv/JV_SportsHD2_DIG_MOB/Fallback/index.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/SNLXmJxz/b.png" group-title="Live Event", Live Event 3 
https://prod-ent-live-gm.jiocinema.com/bpk-tv/JV_SportsHD5_DIG_MOB/Fallback/index.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/SNLXmJxz/b.png" group-title="Live Event", Live Event 4 
https://prod-ent-live-gm.jiocinema.com/bpk-tv/JV_SportsHD3_DIG_MOB/Fallback/index.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/SNLXmJxz/b.png" group-title="Live Event", Live Event 5 
https://prod-ent-live-gm.jiocinema.com/bpk-tv/JV_SportsHD4_DIG_MOB/Fallback/index.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/SNLXmJxz/b.png" group-title="Live Event", Live Event 6 
https://prod-ent-live-gm.jiocinema.com/bpk-tv/JV_SportsHD6_DIG_MOB/Fallback/index.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/SNLXmJxz/b.png" group-title="Live Event", Live Event 7 
https://prod-ent-live-gm.jiocinema.com/bpk-tv/JV_SportsHD7_DIG_MOB/Fallback/index.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/SNLXmJxz/b.png" group-title="Live Event", Live Event 8 
https://prod-ent-live-gm.jiocinema.com/bpk-tv/JV_SportsHD8_DIG_MOB/Fallback/index.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/SNLXmJxz/b.png" group-title="Live Event", Live Event 9 
https://prod-ent-live-gm.jiocinema.com/bpk-tv/JV_SportsHD9_DIG_MOB/Fallback/index.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/SNLXmJxz/b.png" group-title="Live Event", Live Event 10 
https://prod-ent-live-gm.jiocinema.com/bpk-tv/JV_SportsHD10_DIG_MOB/Fallback/index.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/SNLXmJxz/b.png" group-title="Live Event", Live Event 11 
https://prod-ent-live-gm.jiocinema.com/bpk-tv/JV_SportsHD11_DIG_MOB/Fallback/index.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/SNLXmJxz/b.png" group-title="Live Event", Live Event 12 
https://prod-ent-live-gm.jiocinema.com/bpk-tv/JV_SportsHD12_DIG_MOB/Fallback/index.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/SNLXmJxz/b.png" group-title="Live Event", Live Event 13 
https://prod-ent-live-gm.jiocinema.com/bpk-tv/JV_SportsHD13_DIG_MOB/Fallback/index.m3u8 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/SNLXmJxz/b.png" group-title="Live Event", Live Event 14 
https://prod-ent-live-gm.jiocinema.com/bpk-tv/JV_SportsHD14_DIG_MOB/Fallback/index.m3u8




<==========National TV==========>

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_80.png",RCTI
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/RCTI-DD/sa_dash_vmx/RCTI-DD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_81.png",GTV
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/GTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/GTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_82.png",MNCTV
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_83.png",iNews
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/iNewsTV-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/iNewsTV-HDD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_115.png",ANTV
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/ANTV/sa_dash_vmx/ANTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_87.png",Trans TV
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TransTV-2/sa_dash_vmx/TransTV-2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_110.png",Trans 7
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Trans7-2/sa_dash_vmx/Trans7-2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/tvone.png",TVOne
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TVOne/sa_dash_vmx/TVOne.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/metro_tv.png",Metro TV
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Metro-TV2/sa_dash_vmx/Metro-TV2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/rr/rajawali_tv_id.png",RTV
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/RTV/sa_dash_vmx/RTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_106.png",Kompas TV
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/KompasTV/sa_dash_vmx/KompasTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_118.jpg",TVRI Nasional
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/PemersatuBangsa/sa_dash_vmx/PemersatuBangsa.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_113.jpg",Jak TV
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/JakTV/sa_dash_vmx/JakTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/dd/da-ai-tv-indonesia-tw-in.png",Da Ai TV Indonesia
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/DAAITV/sa_dash_vmx/DAAITV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/bb/bandung_tv_id.png",Bandung TV
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BandungTV/sa_dash_vmx/BandungTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_116.jpg",NET.
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NetTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/NetTV-HD.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_116.jpg",NET ALT
http://aflaxtv.xyz:8080/0613bffd/d7f0406c7a/80292

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/sctv.png",SCTV
http://edge.linknetott.swiftserve.com/channelgroup3/cg357production/ch395/index.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/Indosiar.png",Indosiar
http://edge.linknetott.swiftserve.com/channelgroup3/cg331production/ch8/index.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/D70rSkE.png",Moji
http://edge.linknetott.swiftserve.com/channelgroup4/cg409production/ch26/03.m3u8


<==========Entertainment==========>

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/9GBk0T6/Rock-enter-hometv.jpg",Rock Entertainment
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Rockentertainment/sa_dash_vmx/Rockentertainment.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_94.png",Vision Prime
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/VisionPrime/sa_dash_vmx/VisionPrime.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_86.png",Ent
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCEntertainment/sa_dash_vmx/MNCEntertainment.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_95.png",OK TV
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/OKTV/sa_dash_vmx/OKTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/axn_150x150.jpg",AXN Indonesia
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AXN/sa_dash_vmx/AXN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/Animax_150x150.png",Animax Asia
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Animax/sa_dash_vmx/Animax.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/KIX_LOGO_150x150.jpg",KIX
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/KIX/sa_dash_vmx/KIX.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_0.png",tvN Asia
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/tvN/sa_dash_vmx/tvN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_164.png",ONE
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SetOne/sa_dash_vmx/SetOne.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_167.jpg",Lifetime Asia
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Lifetime/sa_dash_vmx/Lifetime.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_160.jpg",HITS
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HITS/sa_dash_vmx/HITS.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/tt/tv-5-monde-asie-fr.png",TV 5 Monde
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TV5/sa_dash_vmx/TV5.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/jj/jiangsu_tv.png",Jiangsu TV
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/JiangsuTV/sa_dash_vmx/JiangsuTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/hh/hunan_cn_tv.png",Hunan TV
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HunanTV/sa_dash_vmx/HunanTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/dd/dragon-tv-cn.png",Dragon TV
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/ShanghaiDragonTV/sa_dash_vmx/ShanghaiDragonTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ss/star_xing_kong_hk.png",Xing Kong TV
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/XingKongTV/sa_dash_vmx/XingKongTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/aa/anhui_tv_cn.png",Anhui TV
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AnhuiTV/sa_dash_vmx/AnhuiTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_350.png",ABC Australia Asia
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AustraliaPlus/sa_dash_vmx/AustraliaPlus.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_351.png",Arirang World
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Arirang/sa_dash_vmx/Arirang.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_240.jpg",Asian Food Network
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AFN-HD/sa_dash_vmx/AFN-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/HGTV_150x150px-01.png",HGTV
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HGTV/sa_dash_vmx/HGTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_90.png",Lifestyle & Fashion
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/LifeStyleFashion/sa_dash_vmx/LifeStyleFashion.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_79.jpg",M Shop Signature
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCShop/sa_dash_vmx/MNCShop.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_88.jpg",M Shop Super Sale!
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCShopSmart/sa_dash_vmx/MNCShopSmart.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_96.png",MNC Infotainment
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCInfotainment/sa_dash_vmx/MNCInfotainment.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Entertainment" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_248.jpg",TLC Southeast Asia
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TLC/sa_dash_vmx/TLC.mpd


<==========News==========>

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/metro_tv.png",Metro TV
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Metro-TV2/sa_dash_vmx/Metro-TV2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_106.png",Kompas TV
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/KompasTV/sa_dash_vmx/KompasTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/tvone.png",TVOne
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TVOne/sa_dash_vmx/TVOne.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_103.jpg",BeritaSatu
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeritaSatu/sa_dash_vmx/BeritaSatu.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_84.png",MNC News
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCnews-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCnews-HDD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/iBcm_IDX.jpg",IDX Channel
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/IDX/sa_dash_vmx/IDX.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_336.png",SEA Today
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SEA-Channel/sa_dash_vmx/SEA-Channel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/jj/jtv_id.png",JTV
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/JTV/sa_dash_vmx/JTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/qdJUDL8.png",CNBC INDONESIA
https://live.cnbcindonesia.com/livecnbc/smil:cnbctv.smil/chunklist_kamiselaluada_b384000_sleng.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://gausahcopybesokilang.satvb.workers.dev/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcR2yOIH3z15uAAwbFETaBVbbrjpeO5NVeoR3uEmB8OQdg&s",CNN INDONESIA
https://live.cnnindonesia.com/livecnn/smil:cnntv.smil/chunklist.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_330.png",CNA International
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/ChannelNewsAsia/sa_dash_vmx/ChannelNewsAsia.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/aljazeera.png",Aljazeera English
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AlJazeeraInternational/sa_dash_vmx/AlJazeeraInternational.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/rr/rt_ru_english.png",RT English
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/RTEnglish/sa_dash_vmx/RTEnglish.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/france_150px.jpg",France 24 English
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/France24/sa_dash_vmx/France24.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_357.png",DW English
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/DW/sa_dash_vmx/DW.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/tt/trt_world_tr.png",TRT World
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TRTWorld/sa_dash_vmx/TRTWorld.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_353.png",CGTN
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CGTN/sa_dash_vmx/CGTN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_332.jpg",BBC World News Asia Pacific
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BBCWorldNews/sa_dash_vmx/BBCWorldNews.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/bloomberg.png",Bloomberg TV Asia
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Bloomberg/sa_dash_vmx/Bloomberg.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/cnbc.png",CNBC Asia
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CNBC/sa_dash_vmx/CNBC.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/cnn_new.jpg",CNN International Asia Pacific
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CNNInternational/sa_dash_vmx/CNNInternational.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ee/euronews_fr.png",EuroNews English
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/EuroNews/sa_dash_vmx/EuroNews.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/fox_news_channel.png",Fox News Channel
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/FoxNews/sa_dash_vmx/FoxNews.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/nhk_150.png",NHK World Premium
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NHKWorldPremium/sa_dash_vmx/NHKWorldPremium.mpd


<==========Knowledge==========>

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_357.png",DW English
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/DW/sa_dash_vmx/DW.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_355.jpeg",NHK World-Japan
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NHKWorldTV/sa_dash_vmx/NHKWorldTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Knowledge" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/bbc_earth150x150.jpg",BBC Earth Asia
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BBCEarth-HD/sa_dash_vmx/BBCEarth-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Knowledge" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_206.png",History Asia
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/History/sa_dash_vmx/History.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Knowledge" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/logo-ci.jpg",Crime + Investigation Asia
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CrimeInvestigation/sa_dash_vmx/CrimeInvestigation.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Knowledge" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_205.png",CGTN Documentary
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CGTN_Doc/sa_dash_vmx/CGTN_Doc.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Knowledge" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_203.png",Animal Planet Southeast Asia
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AnimalPlanet/sa_dash_vmx/AnimalPlanet.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Knowledge" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_112.png",Besmart
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeSmart/sa_dash_vmx/BeSmart.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Knowledge" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/discovery_channel.png",Discovery Channel Indonesia
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Discovery/sa_dash_vmx/Discovery.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Knowledge" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_202.png",National Geographic Indonesia
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoChannel/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoChannel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Knowledge" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_204.png",National Geographic Wild Indonesia
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoWild/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoWild.mpd


<==========Kids==========>

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KidsTV.id" group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="https://static.mncnow.id/images/channel/039c4e27/adf0_r32.jpg",My Kidz
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/My-Kids/sa_dash_vmx/My-Kids.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MiaoMi.hk" group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="https://static.mncnow.id/images/channel/5671cc3e/71d2_r32.jpg",Zoo Moo
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MiaoMi/sa_dash_vmx/MiaoMi.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CBeebiesAsia.uk" group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="https://static.mncnow.id/images/channel/ca7804fa/643a_r32.jpg",Dreamworks
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Dreamwork-HD/sa_dash_vmx/Dreamwork-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KidsTV.id" group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_46.png",Kids TV
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/KidsChannel/sa_dash_vmx/KidsChannel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NickJr.id" group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/nickjr.jpg",Nick Jr
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NickJr-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/NickJr-HDD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CBeebiesAsia.uk" group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/cbeebies_150.png",CBeebies
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Cbeebies/sa_dash_vmx/Cbeebies.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Nickelodeon.id" group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/nickelodeon.png",Nickelodeon
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Nickelodeon/sa_dash_vmx/Nickelodeon.mpd


<==========Movies==========>

#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/de/HBO_logo.svg/512px-HBO_logo.svg.png" group-title="Movies", HBO
https://delivery.ksa.my.id/stream/hbo/playlist.m3u8?token=ym1wtrp&v=20200807

#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/d/d2/HBO_Family_Asia_logo.svg/512px-HBO_Family_Asia_logo.svg.png" group-title="Movies", HBO Family
https://delivery.ksa.my.id/stream/hbo_family/playlist.m3u8?token=ym1wtrp&v=20200807

#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/f/fc/HBOHits-ASIA.png" group-title="Movies", HBO Hits
https://delivery.ksa.my.id/stream/hbo_hits/playlist.m3u8?token=ym1wtrp&v=20200807

#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/af/HBO_Signature_Asia.png/512px-HBO_Signature_Asia.png" group-title="Movies", HBO Signature
https://delivery.ksa.my.id/stream/hbo_signature/playlist.m3u8?token=ym1wtrp&v=20200807

#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f0/611-cinemax.png" group-title="Movies", CINEMAX
https://delivery.ksa.my.id/stream/cinemax/playlist.m3u8?token=ym1wtrp&v=20200807

#EXTINF:0 tvg-logo=" " group-title="Movies", Warner TV
https://delivery.ksa.my.id/stream/warnertv/playlist.m3u8?token=ym1wtrp&v=20200807

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_13.png",Galaxy
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Galaxy-HD/sa_dash_vmx/Galaxy-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_12.png",Galaxy Premium
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/GalaxyPremium-HD/sa_dash_vmx/GalaxyPremium-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_14.png",IMC
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/IndonesiaMovieChannels-HD/sa_dash_vmx/IndonesiaMovieChannels-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-id="mycinema.id" tvg-logo="https://static.mncnow.id/images/channel/63d8f609/a932_r32.jpg",My Cinema
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MyCinema/sa_dash_vmx/MyCinema.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-id="mycinemaasia.id" tvg-logo="https://static.mncnow.id/images/channel/619a29b3/7acd_r32.jpg",My Cinema Asia
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MyCinema-Asia/sa_dash_vmx/MyCinema-Asia.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-id="myfamily.id" tvg-logo="https://static.mncnow.id/images/channel/50a48964/cc41_r32.jpg",My Family Channel
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MyFamily/sa_dash_vmx/MyFamily.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/JkLJcw5/Rock-act-hometv.png",Rock Action
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Rockaction/sa_dash_vmx/Rockaction.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://static.mncnow.id/images/channel/bd4f56c1/74f4_r32.jpg",Cinemachi
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Cinemachi-HD/sa_dash_vmx/Cinemachi-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://static.mncnow.id/images/channel/dce7dab3/e566_r32.jpg",Cinemachi Kids
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Cinemachi-Kids-HD/sa_dash_vmx/Cinemachi-Kids-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://static.mncnow.id/images/channel/9ebf59d0/a31c_r32.jpg",Cinemachi Action
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Cinemachi-Action/sa_dash_vmx/Cinemachi-Action.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://static.mncnow.id/images/channel/26a588c7/e3f2_r32.jpg",Cinemachi Max
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Cinemachi-Max-HD/sa_dash_vmx/Cinemachi-Max-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://static.mncnow.id/images/channel/eae4114e/c5cc_r32.jpg",Cinemachi Xtra
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Cinemachi-Xtra-HD/sa_dash_vmx/Cinemachi-Xtra-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/thrill_150x150px.jpg",Thrill
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Thrill/sa_dash_vmx/Thrill.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/celestial.png",Celestial Movies Indonesia
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialMovie/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialMovie.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_22.png",CCM
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialClassic/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialClassic.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_23.png",Zee Bioskop
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/ZeeBIOSKOP/sa_dash_vmx/ZeeBIOSKOP.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_109.png",tvN Movies Asia
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/tvNMovies/sa_dash_vmx/tvNMovies.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_169.png",HITS Movies
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HitsMovies/sa_dash_vmx/HitsMovies.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/150x150fmn.jpg",FMN
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/FMN/sa_dash_vmx/FMN.mpd


<==========Sports==========>



#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/150x150fightsport.jpg",Fight Sports
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/FightSports/sa_dash_vmx/FightSports.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MNCSports.id" group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://static.mncnow.id/images/channel/c350a134/2fc0_r32.jpg",Sportstar
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MNCSports2.id" group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://static.mncnow.id/images/channel/7284b855/28fc_r32.jpg",Sportstar 2
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports2-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports2-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MNCSports3.id" group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_99.png",Sportstar 3
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports3-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports3-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Sports" tvg-logo=" ",Sportstar 4
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Sportstar4/sa_dash_vmx/Sportstar4.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_101.png",Soccer Channel
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/soccerchannel-HD/sa_dash_vmx/soccerchannel-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_307.png",SPOTV
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SPOTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/SPOTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_308.png",SPOTV2
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SPOTV2-HD/sa_dash_vmx/SPOTV2-HD.mpd


<==========Music==========>

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Music" tvg-logo="https://static.mncnow.id/images/channel/681901f0/400d_r32.jpg",MTV Live
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MTV/sa_dash_vmx/MTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Music" tvg-logo="https://static.mncnow.id/images/channel/a8d4099d/7ed4_r32.jpg",MTV 90s
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MTV-90-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MTV-90-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Music" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_111.png",Music TV
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MusicChannel/sa_dash_vmx/MusicChannel.mpd

<==========Religi==========>

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_93.png",Al Quran Al Kareem TV
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AlQuranAlKareem/sa_dash_vmx/AlQuranAlKareem.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_105.png",Tawaf TV
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TawafTV/sa_dash_vmx/TawafTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_92.png",Muslim TV
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCMuslim/sa_dash_vmx/MNCMuslim.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/tt/tv9_surabaya_id.png",TV 9 Nusantara
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TV9/sa_dash_vmx/TV9.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/tt/tv-mu-id.png",TV Mu
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TVMuhammadiyah/sa_dash_vmx/TVMuhammadiyah.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ee/ewtn_us.png",EWTN
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/EWTN/sa_dash_vmx/EWTN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_91.png",LIFE
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Life/sa_dash_vmx/Life.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/rr/reformed_21_id.png",Reformed 21
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Reformed21/sa_dash_vmx/Reformed21.mpd


=====================================================================================================================================================
=====================================================================================================================================================


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumb.viva.co.id/media/frontend/thumbs3/2017/06/05/5934e30041259-formula-1_665_374.jpg" group-title="FORMULA 1", F1 1
http://mol-2.com:8080/play/live.php?mac=00:1A:79:FB:15:3F&stream=295373&extension=ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumb.viva.co.id/media/frontend/thumbs3/2017/06/05/5934e30041259-formula-1_665_374.jpg" group-title="FORMULA 1", F1 2
http://pal.alphatx.me:80/play/live.php?mac=00:1a:79:00:0c:6c&stream=83453&extension=ts&play_token=U71gOhaI4v
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumb.viva.co.id/media/frontend/thumbs3/2017/06/05/5934e30041259-formula-1_665_374.jpg" group-title="FORMULA 1", F1 3
http://line.iptvhunt.com:80/play/live.php?mac=00:1A:79:45:CA:A6&stream=83453&extension=ts&play_token=TP5qtHk8iF
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumb.viva.co.id/media/frontend/thumbs3/2017/06/05/5934e30041259-formula-1_665_374.jpg" group-title="FORMULA 1", F1 4
http://backup.xp1.tv:80/play/live.php?mac=00:1A:79:C0:17:5D&stream=61977_&extension=ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://thumb.viva.co.id/media/frontend/thumbs3/2017/06/05/5934e30041259-formula-1_665_374.jpg" group-title="FORMULA 1", F1 5
http://line.iptvhunt.com:80/play/live.php?mac=00:1A:79:73:BF:36&stream=79479&extension=ts&play_token=7ftpv9VAE5



#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/rQ5V0PL/sony1x-big-copy.png" group-title="SONY SPORT", SONY SPORT 1
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Linux; Android 11; SM-A307GN Build/RP1A.200720.012; wv) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/4.0 Chrome/107.0.5304.91 Mobile Safari/537.36
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/wG75n5U8RrOKiFzaWObXbA/master.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/s6LSwRR/sony2-big-copy.png" group-title="SONY SPORT", SONY SPORT 2
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Linux; Android 11; SM-A307GN Build/RP1A.200720.012; wv) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/4.0 Chrome/107.0.5304.91 Mobile Safari/537.36
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/V9h-iyOxRiGp41ppQScDSQ/master.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/7JK4mN5/sony3-big-copy.png" group-title="SONY SPORT", SONY SPORT 3
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Linux; Android 11; SM-A307GN Build/RP1A.200720.012; wv) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/4.0 Chrome/107.0.5304.91 Mobile Safari/537.36
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/ltsCG7TBSCSDmyq0rQtvSA/master.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/jh49r5r/sony4-big-copy.png" group-title="SONY SPORT", SONY SPORT 4
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Linux; Android 11; SM-A307GN Build/RP1A.200720.012; wv) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/4.0 Chrome/107.0.5304.91 Mobile Safari/537.36
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/smYybI_JToWaHzwoxSE9qA/master.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/KGbwjw6/sony5-big-copy.png" group-title="SONY SPORT", SONY SPORT 5
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Linux; Android 11; SM-A307GN Build/RP1A.200720.012; wv) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/4.0 Chrome/107.0.5304.91 Mobile Safari/537.36
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/Sle_TR8rQIuZHWzshEXYjQ/master.m3u8

##################  SPORT TV ######################
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORT TV" tvg-logo="https://poc-cdn-google.sdmc.tv/xmediatv/public/upload/100036087499/20230728/video/e364dd59-562b-4157-a44a-c11c3b728557.jpeg", Bein Sports 1
https://ctrl.laotv.la/live/Bsport1/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORT TV" tvg-logo="https://poc-cdn-google.sdmc.tv/xmediatv/public/upload/100036087499/20230728/video/394df566-c126-426a-854a-c41b75025213.jpeg", Bein Sports 2
https://ctrl.laotv.la/live/Bsport2/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORT TV" tvg-logo="https://fn.dmpcdn.com/TrueIDWeb/Home/Campaigns/Channel-True-Premier-Football-HD1.png", True Premier Football 1
https://ctrl.laotv.la/live/TSport1/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORT TV" tvg-logo="https://fn.dmpcdn.com/TrueIDWeb/Home/Campaigns/Channel-True-Premier-Football-HD2.png", True Premier Football 2
https://ctrl.laotv.la/live/TSport2/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORT TV" tvg-logo="https://fn.dmpcdn.com/TrueIDWeb/Home/Campaigns/Channel-True-Premier-Football-HD3.png", True Premier Football 3
https://ctrl.laotv.la/live/TrueSport2/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORT TV" tvg-logo="https://cms.dmpcdn.com/livetv/2019/10/28/feddd690-f972-11e9-91cd-2f79be09d2b3_original.png", True Sports 1
https://ctrl.laotv.la/live/TrueSport6/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORT TV" tvg-logo="https://cms.dmpcdn.com/livetv/2022/01/12/28a5ae30-7374-11ec-91d2-797a50c5a656_webp_320.png", True Sports 3
https://ctrl.laotv.la/live/TrueSport3/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORT TV" tvg-logo="https://cms.dmpcdn.com/livetv/2019/10/28/e52c8980-f972-11e9-a1fc-5dda12c8d080_320.png", True Sports 7
https://edge1.laotv.la/live/THD7/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORT TV" tvg-id="match-football1" tvg-logo="https://ntvplus.tv/files/image/01/17/29/mqs.png",Маtch Futbol 1
http://stream.cvmtv.site/MF1?token=live
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORT TV" tvg-id="match-football2" tvg-logo="https://ntvplus.tv/files/image/01/17/30/olz.png",Маtch Futbol 2
http://stream.cvmtv.site/MF2?token=live
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORT TV" tvg-id="match-football3" tvg-logo="https://ntvplus.tv/files/image/01/17/31/u02.png",Маtch Futbol 3
http://stream.cvmtv.site/MF3?token=live

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/beIN-1.jpg",beIN Sports 1 Indonesia
https://delivery.ksa.my.id/stream/macan_sport_1/playlist.m3u8?token=ym1wtrp
##https://nonton.site:8443/ekos/7483/728

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/beIN-2.jpg",beIN Sports 3 Indonesia
https://delivery.ksa.my.id/stream/macan_sport_2/playlist.m3u8?token=ym1wtrp
##https://nonton.site:8443/ekos/7483/729

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/150x150fightsport.jpg",Fight Sports
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/FightSports/sa_dash_vmx/FightSports.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MNCSports.id" group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://static.mncnow.id/images/channel/c350a134/2fc0_r32.jpg",Sportstar
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MNCSports2.id" group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://static.mncnow.id/images/channel/7284b855/28fc_r32.jpg",Sportstar 2
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports2-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports2-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MNCSports3.id" group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_99.png",Sportstar 3
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports3-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports3-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Sports" tvg-logo=" ",Sportstar 4
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Sportstar4/sa_dash_vmx/Sportstar4.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_101.png",Soccer Channel
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/soccerchannel-HD/sa_dash_vmx/soccerchannel-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_307.png",SPOTV
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SPOTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/SPOTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_308.png",SPOTV2
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SPOTV2-HD/sa_dash_vmx/SPOTV2-HD.mpd

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Sports",Usee Sport1
https://delivery.ksa.my.id/stream/macan_sport_3/playlist.m3u8?token=ym1wtrp

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Sports",Usee Sport2
https://delivery.ksa.my.id/stream/macan_sport_4/playlist.m3u8?token=ym1wtrp


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="" tvg-name="TVRI SPORT" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/eb/TVRILogo2019.svg/1200px-TVRILogo2019.svg.png" group-title="Sports",TVRI SPORT
http://wpc.d1627.nucdn.net/80D1627/o-tvri/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRI4)/Stream(03)/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRsnLYc1hd0ZFUYR2nXDZaW4HHQhG4Ek8oQ-Q&usqp=CAU" group-title="Sports",Glory Kickboxing
https://bit.ly/3GCBoqY

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/a/a9/Bellator_MMA_Logo.png" group-title="Sports",Bellator MMA
https://bit.ly/3O4uBZV

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MotorvisionTV.de" tvg-name="Motorvision TV" group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="http://www.dens.tv/images/channel-logo/98.jpg", Motorvision TV HD
http://rr.dens.tv/h/h09/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/08/Useeprime.png" group-title="Sports",UseePrime
https://cdn-telkomsel-01.akamaized.net/Content/DASH/Live/channel(18564c27-ff44-4d62-9fab-dcb417fcb93f)/manifest.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://wrestlingheadlines.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/06/impact-wrestling-logo.jpg",IMPACT! Wrestling
https://d2p372oxiwmcn1.cloudfront.net/hls/main.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcTp0P5RNmzGtmr8YoKRYnCyYf6BjSW7RM-6zw&usqp=CAU",Bein Sports Xtra
https://bit.ly/3t7HM45

#####################  arena sport  ####################
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://www.tvboxgroup.com/iptv/logo/HR/HR001.png" group-title="Arena Sport",Arena Sport 1 HD
http://80.252.37.194:5000/udp/233.233.233.3:12000

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://www.tvboxgroup.com/iptv/logo/HR/HR002.png" group-title="Arena Sport",Arena Sport 2 HD
http://80.252.37.194:5000/udp/233.233.233.4:12000

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://www.tvboxgroup.com/iptv/logo/HR/HR003.png" group-title="Arena Sport",Arena Sport 3 HD
http://80.252.37.194:5000/udp/233.233.233.5:12000

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://www.tvboxgroup.com/iptv/logo/HR/HR004.png" group-title="Arena Sport",Arena Sport 4 HD
http://80.252.37.194:5000/udp/233.233.233.6:12000

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://www.tvboxgroup.com/iptv/logo/HR/HR005.png" group-title="Arena Sport",Arena Sport 5 HD
http://80.252.37.194:5000/udp/233.233.233.7:12000

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://www.tvboxgroup.com/iptv/logo/HR/HR006.png" group-title="Arena Sport",Arena Sport 6 HD
http://80.252.37.194:5000/udp/233.233.233.8:12000


//Bein Sports

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (iPhone; CPU iPhone OS 13_2_3 like Mac OS X) AppleWebKit/605.1.15 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/13.0.3 Mobile/15E148 Safari/604.1
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://weblivehdplay.ru/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSportsEnglish1.qa" tvg-logo="https://sports.sstp.cloudns.pro/img/sports/beinsports1en.webp" group-title="beIN Sports",beIN Sports 1 English
https://webudit.hlsjs.ru/lb/premium61/index.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (iPhone; CPU iPhone OS 13_2_3 like Mac OS X) AppleWebKit/605.1.15 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/13.0.3 Mobile/15E148 Safari/604.1
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://weblivehdplay.ru/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSportsEnglish2.qa" tvg-logo="https://sports.sstp.cloudns.pro/img/sports/beinsports2en.webp" group-title="beIN Sports",beIN Sports 2 English
https://webudit.hlsjs.ru/lb/premium90/index.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (iPhone; CPU iPhone OS 13_2_3 like Mac OS X) AppleWebKit/605.1.15 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/13.0.3 Mobile/15E148 Safari/604.1
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://weblivehdplay.ru/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSportsEnglish3.qa" tvg-logo="https://sports.sstp.cloudns.pro/img/sports/beinsports3en.webp" group-title="beIN Sports",beIN Sports 3 English
https://webudit.hlsjs.ru/lb/premium46/index.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (iPhone; CPU iPhone OS 13_2_3 like Mac OS X) AppleWebKit/605.1.15 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/13.0.3 Mobile/15E148 Safari/604.1
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://weblivehdplay.ru/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSports4.qa" tvg-logo="https://sports.sstp.cloudns.pro/img/sports/beinsports4en.webp" group-title="beIN Sports",beIN Sports 4 English
https://webudit.hlsjs.ru/lb/premium94/index.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (iPhone; CPU iPhone OS 13_2_3 like Mac OS X) AppleWebKit/605.1.15 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/13.0.3 Mobile/15E148 Safari/604.1
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://weblivehdplay.ru/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSportsPremium1.qa" tvg-logo="https://sports.sstp.cloudns.pro/img/sports/beinsports1premium.webp" group-title="beIN Sports",beIN Sports 1 Premium
https://webudit.hlsjs.ru/lb/premium98/index.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (iPhone; CPU iPhone OS 13_2_3 like Mac OS X) AppleWebKit/605.1.15 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/13.0.3 Mobile/15E148 Safari/604.1
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://weblivehdplay.ru/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSportsPremium2.qa" tvg-logo="https://sports.sstp.cloudns.pro/img/sports/beinsports2premium.webp" group-title="beIN Sports",beIN Sports 2 Premium
https://webudit.hlsjs.ru/lb/premium99/index.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (iPhone; CPU iPhone OS 13_2_3 like Mac OS X) AppleWebKit/605.1.15 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/13.0.3 Mobile/15E148 Safari/604.1
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://weblivehdplay.ru/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSportsPremium3.qa" tvg-logo="https://sports.sstp.cloudns.pro/img/sports/beinsports3premium.webp" group-title="beIN Sports",beIN Sports 3 Premium
https://webudit.hlsjs.ru/lb/premium100/index.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (iPhone; CPU iPhone OS 13_2_3 like Mac OS X) AppleWebKit/605.1.15 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/13.0.3 Mobile/15E148 Safari/604.1
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://weblivehdplay.ru/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSports" tvg-logo="https://sports.sstp.cloudns.pro/img/sports/beinsports1turkey.webp" group-title="beIN Sports",beIN Sports 1 Turkey
https://webudit.hlsjs.ru/lb/premium62/index.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (iPhone; CPU iPhone OS 13_2_3 like Mac OS X) AppleWebKit/605.1.15 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/13.0.3 Mobile/15E148 Safari/604.1
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://weblivehdplay.ru/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSports" tvg-logo="https://sports.sstp.cloudns.pro/img/sports/beinsports2turkey.webp" group-title="beIN Sports",beIN Sports 2 Turkey
https://webudit.hlsjs.ru/lb/premium63/index.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (iPhone; CPU iPhone OS 13_2_3 like Mac OS X) AppleWebKit/605.1.15 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/13.0.3 Mobile/15E148 Safari/604.1
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://weblivehdplay.ru/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSports" tvg-logo="https://sports.sstp.cloudns.pro/img/sports/beinsports3turkey.webp" group-title="beIN Sports",beIN Sports 3 Turkey
https://webudit.hlsjs.ru/lb/premium64/index.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (iPhone; CPU iPhone OS 13_2_3 like Mac OS X) AppleWebKit/605.1.15 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/13.0.3 Mobile/15E148 Safari/604.1
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://weblivehdplay.ru/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSports" tvg-logo="https://sports.sstp.cloudns.pro/img/sports/beinsports4turkey.webp" group-title="beIN Sports",beIN Sports 4 Turkey
https://webudit.hlsjs.ru/lb/premium67/index.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (iPhone; CPU iPhone OS 13_2_3 like Mac OS X) AppleWebKit/605.1.15 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/13.0.3 Mobile/15E148 Safari/604.1
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://weblivehdplay.ru/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSports" tvg-logo="https://sports.sstp.cloudns.pro/img/sports/beinsports1qatar.webp" group-title="beIN Sports",beIN Sports 1 Qatar
https://webudit.hlsjs.ru/lb/premium91/index.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (iPhone; CPU iPhone OS 13_2_3 like Mac OS X) AppleWebKit/605.1.15 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/13.0.3 Mobile/15E148 Safari/604.1
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://weblivehdplay.ru/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSports" tvg-logo="https://sports.sstp.cloudns.pro/img/sports/beinsports2qatar.webp" group-title="beIN Sports",beIN Sports 2 Qatar
https://webudit.hlsjs.ru/lb/premium92/index.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (iPhone; CPU iPhone OS 13_2_3 like Mac OS X) AppleWebKit/605.1.15 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/13.0.3 Mobile/15E148 Safari/604.1
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://weblivehdplay.ru/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSports" tvg-logo="https://sports.sstp.cloudns.pro/img/sports/beinsports3qatar.webp" group-title="beIN Sports",beIN Sports 3 Qatar
https://webudit.hlsjs.ru/lb/premium93/index.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (iPhone; CPU iPhone OS 13_2_3 like Mac OS X) AppleWebKit/605.1.15 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/13.0.3 Mobile/15E148 Safari/604.1
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://weblivehdplay.ru/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSports" tvg-logo="https://sports.sstp.cloudns.pro/img/sports/beinsports4qatar.webp" group-title="beIN Sports",beIN Sports 4 Qatar
https://webudit.hlsjs.ru/lb/premium94/index.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (iPhone; CPU iPhone OS 13_2_3 like Mac OS X) AppleWebKit/605.1.15 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/13.0.3 Mobile/15E148 Safari/604.1
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://weblivehdplay.ru/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSports" tvg-logo="https://sports.sstp.cloudns.pro/img/sports/beinsports5qatar.webp" group-title="beIN Sports",beIN Sports 5 Qatar
https://webudit.hlsjs.ru/lb/premium95/index.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (iPhone; CPU iPhone OS 13_2_3 like Mac OS X) AppleWebKit/605.1.15 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/13.0.3 Mobile/15E148 Safari/604.1
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://weblivehdplay.ru/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSports" tvg-logo="https://sports.sstp.cloudns.pro/img/sports/beinsports6qatar.webp" group-title="beIN Sports",beIN Sports 6 Qatar
https://webudit.hlsjs.ru/lb/premium96/index.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (iPhone; CPU iPhone OS 13_2_3 like Mac OS X) AppleWebKit/605.1.15 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/13.0.3 Mobile/15E148 Safari/604.1
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://weblivehdplay.ru/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSports" tvg-logo="https://sports.sstp.cloudns.pro/img/sports/beinsports7qatar.webp" group-title="beIN Sports",beIN Sports 7 Qatar
https://webudit.hlsjs.ru/lb/premium97/index.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (iPhone; CPU iPhone OS 13_2_3 like Mac OS X) AppleWebKit/605.1.15 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/13.0.3 Mobile/15E148 Safari/604.1
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://weblivehdplay.ru/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSports" tvg-logo="https://sports.sstp.cloudns.pro/img/sports/beinsports4maxfr.webp" group-title="beIN Sports",beIN Sports MAX 4 France
https://webudit.hlsjs.ru/lb/premium494/index.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (iPhone; CPU iPhone OS 13_2_3 like Mac OS X) AppleWebKit/605.1.15 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/13.0.3 Mobile/15E148 Safari/604.1
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://weblivehdplay.ru/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSports" tvg-logo="https://sports.sstp.cloudns.pro/img/sports/beinsports5maxfr.webp" group-title="beIN Sports",beIN Sports MAX 5 France
https://webudit.hlsjs.ru/lb/premium495/index.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (iPhone; CPU iPhone OS 13_2_3 like Mac OS X) AppleWebKit/605.1.15 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/13.0.3 Mobile/15E148 Safari/604.1
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://weblivehdplay.ru/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSports" tvg-logo="https://sports.sstp.cloudns.pro/img/sports/beinsports6maxfr.webp" group-title="beIN Sports",beIN Sports MAX 6 France
https://webudit.hlsjs.ru/lb/premium496/index.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (iPhone; CPU iPhone OS 13_2_3 like Mac OS X) AppleWebKit/605.1.15 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/13.0.3 Mobile/15E148 Safari/604.1
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://weblivehdplay.ru/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSports" tvg-logo="https://sports.sstp.cloudns.pro/img/sports/beinsports7maxfr.webp" group-title="beIN Sports",beIN Sports MAX 7 France
https://webudit.hlsjs.ru/lb/premium497/index.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (iPhone; CPU iPhone OS 13_2_3 like Mac OS X) AppleWebKit/605.1.15 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/13.0.3 Mobile/15E148 Safari/604.1
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://weblivehdplay.ru/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSports" tvg-logo="https://sports.sstp.cloudns.pro/img/sports/beinsports8maxfr.webp" group-title="beIN Sports",beIN Sports MAX 8 France
https://webudit.hlsjs.ru/lb/premium498/index.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (iPhone; CPU iPhone OS 13_2_3 like Mac OS X) AppleWebKit/605.1.15 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/13.0.3 Mobile/15E148 Safari/604.1
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://weblivehdplay.ru/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSports" tvg-logo="https://sports.sstp.cloudns.pro/img/sports/beinsports9maxfr.webp" group-title="beIN Sports",beIN Sports MAX 9 France
https://webudit.hlsjs.ru/lb/premium499/index.m3u8

#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (iPhone; CPU iPhone OS 13_2_3 like Mac OS X) AppleWebKit/605.1.15 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/13.0.3 Mobile/15E148 Safari/604.1
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://weblivehdplay.ru/
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="beINSports" tvg-logo="https://sports.sstp.cloudns.pro/img/sports/beinsports10maxfr.webp" group-title="beIN Sports",beIN Sports MAX 10 France
https://webudit.hlsjs.ru/lb/premium500/index.m3u8



########################   MUSIC  #####################

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Music" tvg-logo="https://static.mncnow.id/images/channel/681901f0/400d_r32.jpg",MTV Live
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MTV/sa_dash_vmx/MTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Music" tvg-logo="https://static.mncnow.id/images/channel/a8d4099d/7ed4_r32.jpg",MTV 90s
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MTV-90-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MTV-90-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NzEwNGYwNjEtNzBjNC0zNmJjLTkwZGMtMGQ1Yjg3ZWJhZTBi
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Music" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_111.png",Music TV
https://mangga-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MusicChannel/sa_dash_vmx/MusicChannel.mpd
